Give this context: 
[
Universal design, inclusive design, and equity-focused design
Let's start from the beginning. When designers begin considering how to include an even broader range of people in their designs, they called it universal design. Universal design is the process of creating one product for users with the widest range of abilities and in the widest range of situations. Think of it like a one-size-fits-all approach. Designers propose one solution for everyone. The problem is that when you focus on creating one solution for everyone, the designs lose their effectiveness. It's often difficult to achieve any goals with your product when you have so many intended users. It's like when you go to a store that sells a hat in just one size. The label might read, "one-size-fits-all", but the hats still won't fit a lot of people. Universal design had the same problem. Even though it had the intention of being inclusive, it excluded a lot of people. It turns out, one-size-fits-all isn't a great solution. As UX designers realized that universal design didn't meet the needs of every user, the approach to including people began to change. Designers started thinking about the concept of inclusive design, which focuses on finding solutions to meet different needs. Inclusive design means making design choices that take into account personal identifiers like ability, race, economic status, language, age, and gender. Inclusive design includes researchers and designers from traditionally excluded populations in the process, so they can provide their unique perspectives during all phases of the design process. If universal design is a one size fits all solution, then inclusive design can be described as solve for one, extend to many. With inclusive design, you solve for one type of user and the benefit of that solution can extend to many other types of users. Our goal as designers is to build experiences that are accessible to users with the widest range of abilities. In other words, no one should be excluded from using a product that we built because we didn't consider their needs when building it. In inclusive design, there's no such thing as normal. There's no average person or target audience that we should design for. For example, when designing, we focus on the needs of people who are blind and deaf, even more than we consider the needs of those who rely on their sight and hearing to communicate. Then as we build more versions of a product, we design for additional excluded groups, like those with physical or cognitive disabilities. Designing products, devices, services, or environments for people with disabilities is called accessibility. Accessibility is just one aspect of inclusive design and we'll explore accessibility in more detail later. But keep in mind that the idea of solve for one extend to many, only benefits the group the design was created for and existing users. Many groups are still left out. Over time, UX designers realized that inclusive design wasn't always enough, and that's where we find ourselves today as equity-focused design becomes a new industry goal. Equity-focused design takes the idea of inclusive design one step further. It asks designers to focus on designing for groups that have been historically underrepresented or ignored when building products. The goal of equity-focused design is to uplift groups that have been excluded historically. In order to design with equity as a goal, we first need to know the difference between equality and equity. The two words sound similar, but they're actually two different concepts. Equality means providing the same amount of opportunity and support to all segments of society. In other words, everyone gets the same thing. Equity means providing different levels of opportunity and support for each person in order to achieve fair outcomes. To better understand the difference between equality and equity, check out this illustration. The illustration on the left represents equality because every person gets the same box to stand on. But because each person is a different height, the tallest person has a better view. The illustration on the right represents equity, because each person is given what they need. The shortest person is given the tallest stack of boxes to stand on. Let's explore how this relates to design. Equity-focused design is a newer concept in UX and one that we often discuss at Google. Instead of building products for groups of people who are currently being excluded, which is the goal of inclusive design, equity-focused design seeks to build products that meet the needs of specific individuals in groups who have been excluded in the past. What does this look like in the real world? Start by identifying a product you want to build. Then, think about the groups that have not been served by this type of product in the past. Finally, build your design while keeping the groups who identified as under-represented front and center. It's important to keep in mind that equity-focused design doesn't solve all problems, just like inclusive design and universal design don't either. The key point is that these are all different approaches to solving issues of under-representation in designing for a more equitable future. These issues are massive, but vitally important. Often, schools and companies consider accessibility, inclusive design, and equity-focused design as methods to consider during the design process, but not as a requirement. But I'm a firm believer that every designer should know the basics of accessibility and why creating products for those who are underrepresented and excluded is a must. As you continue through your career, you'll gain more practice and understanding on how to implement these ideas. We'll get to some more applications of this soon.

The importance of equity-focused design
So we've started discussing designing for accessibility. But as I've said, there's another important factor to being inclusive, equity focused design. In this video, we'll discuss equity-focused design specifically as it affects race and gender. But keep in mind that this conversation extends beyond just race and gender to things like ability, age, and socioeconomic status. Let's explore how this applies to the field of UX. Equity-focused design means thinking through all the aspects of a design product and making sure the product is both accessible and fair to all genders, races, and abilities. Plus, the designs need to specifically consider underrepresented and excluded groups. Job applications and census forms are one area where gender and race need specific attention because they usually involve collecting sensitive data from users. You might have already heard about the importance of having gender-neutral pronouns on these kinds of forms, but that's actually just a starting point. When designing these forms, you should also consider whether a certain question even needs to be included in the first place. Ask yourself why you're collecting this information and whether or not you really need it. For example, a job application probably doesn't need to include a question about gender identity. If a question does need to be on the form, like in a census that's collecting population data, carefully consider the wording and make sure it doesn't have a bias toward what's considered the culturally accepted norm. For example, imagine you have a form that asks respondents to select their gender. One form gives three choices male, female, and other. The second form offers a wide range of choices male, female, gender nonconforming, nonbinary, and a blank field to allow for a written answer. The second form is much more likely to make everyone feel included, and it will also probably do a better job at gathering accurate data. Gendered nonconforming means having a gender identity that doesn't conform to a society's gender norms, and non-binary means having a gender identity that's neither entirely male or entirely female. Let's review a few ways this has played out in the tech industry. When voice assistants were first introduced at Google, they were trained primarily with male, native English-speaking voices. As a result, the voice assistants could easily understand and respond to male voices, but they had a hard time understanding female voices because of the higher pitch and voices of people with strong accents. When the product launched, users were extremely frustrated when the assistant could not understand them. This example highlights how testing with a diverse set of users can truly improve a product. Another important aspect of designing for equity is using inclusive images. Imagine you're designing an app, and you need to create an illustration to use as a mock profile photo when a user hasn't added their own profile photo to their account yet, what does that illustration look like? As a designer, would you automatically create a picture that looks like you, or would you be more inclusive in your representation? Representing diverse people through icons, illustrations, and photographs requires viewing everything we design through a critical lens. Avatars like those used in account profiles should also consider age, race, and gender, among other things. Sometimes designers consciously include an avatar that specifically challenges the mainstream image of a user for the product to be more inclusive and equitable. Inclusive and equity-focused design are principles with endless implications, and this video is just a starting point for you to build from. As we continue through the program and start discussing user research, we'll explore biases and other factors that impact equity-focused design.
]

Identify some best practices to consider when designing websites using an equity-focused design approach. Select all that apply.

a. Specifically consider underrepresented and excluded groups. 
b. Include diverse visual representation of people through use of avatars, icons, illustrations, and photographs.
c. Solve for one type of user first and then extend to other types of users. 
d. Test the product with a diverse set of users.

